hey everyone I'm Judith Jones food and
travel editor of the gourmet Travel ISTA
and today I'm going to be showing you
how to make it grilled ham and cheese
sandwich delicious that's all you need
on a cold winter's day so what you're
going to need is two slices of white
bread three to four slices of cheese
I've used Gruyere cheese which is a
Swiss cheese two slices of ham and two
tablespoons of butter now we have a
cast-iron pan here which we've already
preheated to medium heat and it's nice
and smoking we want to get that cast
iron pan nice and hot for our grilled
cheese sandwiches so let's get our white
bread and let's get our butter on the
bread you can never have too much butter
on a grilled cheese that's what I say so
we'll spread that over there obviously
if you prefer to use margarine what have
you you can do that where I use the good
stuff the real stuff all right got a
nice generous amount on there lots of
layering because that's going to go onto
our hot pan and make our bread nice and
brown and crunchy so do it on both sides
so once we've loaded our butter onto our
gorgeous bread right here let's put our
bread butter face down onto our cuts
iron pan
you see that's gonna sizzle right there
now let's get our lovely Gruyere cheese
on top of this this is as I said is a
Swiss cheese you'll see it a lot in
quiches in a croque madame brook
Monsieur and it's really a great cheese
to use when cooking it's kind of got a
distinct flavor but yet it's not too
overwhelming so it's a good one
so as that's going it's gone up there
we'll got our cheese onto our bread
right there now let's get our ham
obviously if you want to go a fancy you
can do like first time or the ham of
your choosing you're just going to cut
it in half here to make it things easier
[Music]
that's just
yes
lovely so you got your ham your cheese
and that's going to use onto there and
then finally let's get our other side of
our bed butter slice up we're going to
put that on top so we're going to leave
that for a couple of minutes and let
that get nice and brown so we've been a
couple of minutes and so I think it's
just about done oh yes very nice nice
and golden brown crispy and our cheese
is just using in there that is your ham
and grilled cheese sandwich thanks for
watching today everyone and make sure to
subscribe to our website to watch plenty
of other fantastic videos and if you
have an email request you can email
requests at Mahalo calm and we'll be
sure to answer any questions and queries
you might have
[Music]